LINK: https://pdfanalyzer.streamlit.app/

Key Features
> PDF Text Extraction: The application extracts text from uploaded PDF documents, enabling seamless analysis of the content.

> Text Chunking: To enhance processing efficiency, the extracted text is divided into manageable chunks with suitable overlap using a Recursive Character Text Splitter.

> Language Model and Embeddings: The Google Palm language model is employed for text generation, coupled with Google Palm Embeddings to achieve a deeper semantic understanding.

> Vector Store: The application utilizes a FAISS vector store to efficiently store and retrieve embeddings, facilitating fast and accurate responses during conversational interactions.

> Conversational Chain: A Conversational Retrieval Chain is implemented, leveraging the Google Palm language model to provide context-aware responses based on user input.

> User-Friendly Interface: The web application is built using Streamlit, ensuring an intuitive and user-friendly interface. Users can upload PDF documents, input questions, and receive responses generated by the system.

Instructions for Use
Follow these steps to set up and use the PDF Analyzer web application:

1.Clone the Repository:
 In bash
Copy code
git clone [repository-url]
cd pdf-analyzer-web-app
Install Dependencies:

2. In bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set Up Google API Key:

3. Obtain a Google API Key and set it as an environment variable.
bash
Copy code
export GOOGLE_API_KEY="your-google-api-key"
Run the Web Application:

4. bash
Copy code
streamlit run app.py
Access the Web App:

5. Open your web browser and navigate to the provided local address (usually http://localhost:8501).
Upload PDF Documents:

6. In the sidebar, use the "Upload your Documents" section to upload one or more PDF files.
Process PDFs:

7. Click the "Process" button to initiate the text extraction and analysis process. Wait for the success message.
Ask Questions:

8. Input your questions in the text box provided on the main page and press Enter.
Review Responses:

9. The system will generate responses based on the content of the PDFs. The conversation history is displayed on the main page.
Testing Recommendations:

Before submitting the web app for evaluation, it is recommended to test it in incognito mode to ensure a clean and reliable user experience.
Feel free to reach out if you encounter any issues or have further questions. Thank you for your time and consideration.
